Backport 5.0: proxy pub handling #1238827 (#3822)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/client-proxy-script.adoc

[[script-client-proxy]]
= Register Clients  to a Proxy with a Bootstrap Script

> You can register clients through the {productname} Proxy with a bootstrap script.

Reviewer: Clients can be registered through the {productname} Proxy with a bootstrap script.

Reviewer: I'd much rather see this phrase, than "You can..." at the very beginning of a paragraph. It puts an emphasis on the action we talk about, not on the user.

> You can register clients through the {productname} Proxy with a bootstrap script.

Author: ```suggestion
Clients can be registered through the {productname} Proxy with a bootstrap script.
```

This is done almost the same way as registering clients directly with the {productname} Server.

> You create the bootstrap script in the {productname} Server container with the [command]``mgr-bootstrap`` command line tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by creating the bootstrap script in the {productname} Server container with the [command]``mgr-bootstrap`` command line tool.
```
